Components/README.md, before:

# Component types

 - `bptInfo`: Shows the current best possible time for the run.
   Updates automatically if losing time on the current split, and
   takes skipped splits into account.

 - `compareInfo`: Shows which comparison is currently being used.

 - `controlButtons`: Shows the buttons for control actions so that
   the actions can be triggered by clicking a button instead of
   using the hotkeys.

 - `detailedTimer`: A timer component with both a total timer and a
   segment timer. The colour of the total timer reflects how the
   current total and segment times compare to the current
   comparison.
 
 - `detailedTitle`: A title which shows the game, category, and
   current comparison.

 - `diffInfo`: Shows a comparison of the previous split vs. the best
   previous split, or shows how much time is being lost to the
   current best split if applicable.
 
 - `pbInfo`: Shows the current personal best for the current game and
   category.
 
 - `segmentArea`: The window that shows all the segments. Shows a
   portion of the segment names surrounding the current split,
   shows the comparison's total times for current and future
   splits the current run's total times for past splits, and the
   difference between the current run's total and the comparison's
   total when the current run's time is shown. The differences are
   also colour-coded.
 
 - `segmentTimes`: Shows the best current split time and the
   comparison's current split time.
 
 - `sobInfo`: Shows the current sum of best segments. Updates if a
   best segment is beaten.
 
 - `spacer`: Just adds extra space between components. The height of
   this spacer can be adjusted.
 
 - `timeSaveInfo`: Shows the difference between this comparison's
   current split and the best time for the current split.
 
 - `timer`: A timer component with only a total timer. 
   The colour of the total timer reflects how the
   current total and segment times compare to the current
   comparison.

 - `title`: A title which shows the game and category.

Commit message:

Add a comparison info component with the fraction thing from LiveSplit, update the diff info component to run up the time when necessary, and increase the minimum size of the columns.

Components/README.md, after:

# Component types

 - `bptInfo`: Shows the current best possible time for the run.
   Updates automatically if losing time on the current split, and
   takes skipped splits into account.

 - `compareInfo`: Shows which comparison is currently being used.

 - `comparisonDiffInfo`: Shows a comparison of the previous split
   vs. the current comparisons's last split, and the possible time
   save for the last split.

 - `controlButtons`: Shows the buttons for control actions so that
   the actions can be triggered by clicking a button instead of
   using the hotkeys.

 - `detailedTimer`: A timer component with both a total timer and a
   segment timer. The colour of the total timer reflects how the
   current total and segment times compare to the current
   comparison.
 
 - `detailedTitle`: A title which shows the game, category, and
   current comparison.

 - `goldDiffInfo`: Shows a comparison of the previous split vs. the best
   previous split, or shows how much time is being lost to the
   current best split if applicable.
 
 - `pbInfo`: Shows the current personal best for the current game and
   category.
 
 - `segmentArea`: The window that shows all the segments. Shows a
   portion of the segment names surrounding the current split,
   shows the comparison's total times for current and future
   splits the current run's total times for past splits, and the
   difference between the current run's total and the comparison's
   total when the current run's time is shown. The differences are
   also colour-coded.
 
 - `segmentTimes`: Shows the best current split time and the
   comparison's current split time.
 
 - `sobInfo`: Shows the current sum of best segments. Updates if a
   best segment is beaten.
 
 - `spacer`: Just adds extra space between components. The height of
   this spacer can be adjusted.
 
 - `timeSaveInfo`: Shows the difference between this comparison's
   current split and the best time for the current split.
 
 - `timer`: A timer component with only a total timer. 
   The colour of the total timer reflects how the
   current total and segment times compare to the current
   comparison.

 - `title`: A title which shows the game and category.
