examples/README.md, before:

# splitNames.csv

In the parent directory, there should be a file called
*splitNames.csv*. This file contains all the games, categories, and
split names for each category. 

This file should contain
the name of the game and category to be played in the first two
columns, and the names of all the desired segments starting in the
same column. The first column is for games, and the second for
categories. An example of a row is
```
Super Mario Bros.,Any%,World 1-1,World 1-2,World 4-1,World
4-2,World 8-1,World 8-2,World 8-3,World 8-4
```
The game only needs to be given once, and all the categories should be
in a block on that line and the ones after it. For example, if
there are two categories for *Super Mario Bros.*, the two
categories should be on consecutive lines, and only the first line
should have the name of the game. For example, the second row could
be
```
,World 1 RTA,World 1-1,World 1-2,World 1-3,World 1-4
```

For games that use an in-game timer, it is useful for the timer to
pause automatically between some segments. To identify a segment 
that should pause when it is completed, append `[P]` to the end of
the segment name in *splitNames.csv*. For example, to indicate that
the timer should pause after Chapter 4 in a Celeste speedrun, the
segment for Chapter 4 should be called `Chapter 4 [P]`.

An example is in *splitNames.csv*.

# Layout example

`layout.json` is an example of a layout (it's the one I am using
currently). Note that not all the components have a configuration
associated with them - the components with no set configuration use
the default configuration in its entirety. It should be stored in
the `layouts` directory so it has the path 
`layouts/<layout name>.json`. For example, my layout is stored at 
`layouts/default.json`.

`detailedTimer.json` is an example of a component configuration
file. It should be stored in the `config` directory so it has the
path `config/detailedTimer.json` (the component loader only looks
in the `config` directory for user configuration files).

Notice (by comparison with `defaults/detailedTimer.json`)
that not all the values required are defined explicitly in the
component example. Any values that are not specified in the user
configuration will be filled in with the values in
`defaults/detailedTimer.json`.

Commit message:

Add an example of subsplits.

examples/README.md, after:

# splitNames.csv

In the parent directory, there should be a file called
*splitNames.csv*. This file contains all the games, categories, and
split names for each category. 

This file should contain
the name of the game and category to be played in the first two
columns, and the names of all the desired segments starting in the
same column. The first column is for games, and the second for
categories. An example of a row is
```
Super Mario Bros.,Any%,World 1-1,World 1-2,World 4-1,World
4-2,World 8-1,World 8-2,World 8-3,World 8-4
```
The game only needs to be given once, and all the categories should be
in a block on that line and the ones after it. For example, if
there are two categories for *Super Mario Bros.*, the two
categories should be on consecutive lines, and only the first line
should have the name of the game. For example, the second row could
be
```
,World 1 RTA,World 1-1,World 1-2,World 1-3,World 1-4
```

For games that use an in-game timer, it is useful for the timer to
pause automatically between some segments. To identify a segment 
that should pause when it is completed, append `[P]` to the end of
the segment name in *splitNames.csv*. For example, to indicate that
the timer should pause after Chapter 4 in a Celeste speedrun, the
segment for Chapter 4 should be called `Chapter 4 [P]`.

Segments can be grouped by adding `- ` at the beginning of each of
the segment names in the group and `{<group name>}` at the end of
the name of the segment. For example, the segment list

```
Example,Groups,- 1-1,- 1-2,- 1-3,- 1-4{Group 1},- 2-1,- 2-2,- 2-3,- 2-4{Group 2}
```

will be rendered as

```
Group 1
  1-1
  1-2
  1-3
  1-4
Group 2
  2-1
  2-2
  2-3
  2-4
```

An example is in *splitNames.csv*.

# Layout example

`layout.json` is an example of a layout (it's the one I am using
currently). Note that not all the components have a configuration
associated with them - the components with no set configuration use
the default configuration in its entirety. It should be stored in
the `layouts` directory so it has the path 
`layouts/<layout name>.json`. For example, my layout is stored at 
`layouts/default.json`.

`detailedTimer.json` is an example of a component configuration
file. It should be stored in the `config` directory so it has the
path `config/detailedTimer.json` (the component loader only looks
in the `config` directory for user configuration files).

Notice (by comparison with `defaults/detailedTimer.json`)
that not all the values required are defined explicitly in the
component example. Any values that are not specified in the user
configuration will be filled in with the values in
`defaults/detailedTimer.json`.
